the Hamas run Health Ministry in Gaza
says Israeli attacks have killed more
than 100 Palestinians in the last day
negotiators in Qatar are say ceasefire
talks have stalled while the United
Nations says gaza's second biggest
hospital is no longer functioning
meanwhile Israel is refusing to call off
a planned offensive against the southern
city of
Rafa air strikes across Gaza as Israel
pursues what its prime minister has
called total
victory the aftermath is familiar by now
homes schools and hospitals destroyed as
the death toll keeps
climbing they are all civilians there
are no military personnel or anything we
send our message to the world and our
message to the Israeli government and
the Hamas government in Gaza is please
stop the war enough
War fighting has extended to raids on
multiple hospitals aggravating the
already dire humanitarian situation a
doctor at Nasir Hospital in the city of
hanun described the moment he realized
an Israeli Army raid was happening was
like chaos everybody running there and
there uh so I realized that it is
invasion of IDF as I started hearing
some dogs at the hospital yard and
actually yeah they destroyed the back
back wall of the hospital and released
their
dogs but Israel says the hospitals are
legitimate targets because Hamas
allegedly operates within them Israel
now claim to have the upper hand
yes there are in fact 200 militants that
surrendered at Nasa hospital and before
that dozens more had surrendered at
alal this shows that the enemy have lost
their fighting spirit that is the main
thing meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netan Yahoo is defying
International pressure including from
Israel's key backer the US to call off a
plan defensive against Rafa near the
Egyptian border more than a million
Palestinians are Sheltering from the
fighting there and have nowhere else to
go journalist hen Bala spent the first
months of the war reporting from Gaza he
joins us from Aman in Jordan bring us up
to date on Israel's
operations mainly uh since last night
the Israel concentrated on the central
area of the Gaza Strip in different
places uh dozens uh or several uh
targets um uh took place uh since last
night and during the day uh mainly in
the cities of D bahat refugee camp and
zaa um uh dozens reported uh killed it's
not easy to count the number as there's
coming from Gaza Ministry of Health that
total in the last 24 hours uh not
limited to the central area but the
whole the Gaza Strip over uh uh 100 were
were killed uh meantime that the there
were some targets reported from the
North in Gaza City and in jabalia uh
refugee camp uh along of that that it's
going the ground Invasion very intense
in
theunis southern Gaza Strip what more
can you tell us about the patients and
staff said to be trapped inside gaza's
second largest hospital following a r
yeah um according to the Ministry of
Health in Gaza said that the uh Israeli
troops uh entered the the hospital uh uh
since uh Thursday actually they asked
the people in um whether patients or uh
uh displac people who uh Refuge at the
at the hospital from Wednesday to
evacuate um everybody who's was able to
walk has to go out and um uh the hugest
number uh left the hospital on uh on
that day went to uh Rafa South uh uh far
of the Gaza STP uh since then the the
Israeli Army and the troops are
searching the the hospital according to
the Ministry of Health today that saying
um um about 70 uh uh people from the
medical staff were were arrested and
they put the whole people uh who remains
in in the hospital in one building
uh at least eight uh patients died um uh
who from the ICU area because there is
no electricity for the third day in a
row three women gave birth uh in in in
very difficult situation inside the
hospital all of that according to the
Ministry of Health in
Gaza you heard it from journalist Hassan
Pala thank you very
much